[Music]
when you think of crystal-clear waters
the pictures that normally come to mind
or of the Maldives some Caribbean or
Mediterranean islands with endless
beaches and my bathtub yeah I keep it
really clean now these other places can
indeed boast super clean waters but
there are less expected locations where
you can see through the water down to
the bottom let's do er them right now
Melisande Lake Greece MELAS on a lake
goes through a cave that has the same
name there are at least three reasons to
visit this natural landmark in Kefalonia
Greece first it's crystal-clear water
second it's 20,000 years of history and
third the legends that surround it on a
sunny day the sea green waters of
melisandre car filled with dazzling
light it used to be completely
underground but thanks to an earthquake
it was opened up and is now 60 feet
below the surface of the water the cave
serves as a natural filter for the
seawater the lake is filled with and it
makes it even more transparent as you
sail around in a boat admiring the
beauty of local stalagtites you'll also
enjoy the Greek myths swirling around
the place according to them it used to
be the home to nymphs and it's even
named after one of them beautiful
heartbroken MELAS on thei crater lake
USA crater lake is the true gem of
Crater Lake National Park in Oregon it
was formed seven thousand seven hundred
years ago when the volcano Mount Mazama
collapsed it's the deepest lake in the
United States while many lakes get their
waters from rivers crater lake is fed
only by rain and snowfall and the water
in it gets completely replaced every 250
years maybe that's what makes the lake
so spotlessly blue there's a fun site
inside the lake the so called
old man of the lake that's a vertically
floating hemlock first recorded in 1896
Flathead Lake USA Montana's Flathead
Lake is the largest freshwater lake in
the western part of the country
it's home to many types of fish yellow
perch trout whitefish sturgeon and
whatnot fishing swimming waterskiing and
picnicking are some of the popular
activities here but nothing can compare
to taking a boat trip on the lake its
waters are so clear
it looks like boats aren't sailing but
flying over the bottom in fact Flathead
is what's left of the huge glacial lake
Missoula that was here 13,000 years ago
the water that fills Flathead Lake comes
from the Rocky Mountains and is mostly
pure snow that melts into crystal clear
water 5-color pond in jiu zhai gal
valley china now you've seen
crystal-clear lakes but can you imagine
a multicolored one it's real and it's
located in the jiu zhai gou nature
reserve that's part of the min shan
mountain range in china 5-color pond a
unesco world heritage site has an
unusual chemical composition with hydro
fights and calcium carbonates in it
calcareous sediment in the bottom and
plenty of algae all this plus the
beautiful forest surrounding the lake
and reflecting in it make the water look
green azure blue yellow orange and even
purple it looks especially gorgeous in
the fall Brunner C Austria speaking of
waters with unusual colors how would you
like a crystal-clear lake that looks
completely green hence its name another
mountain lake it's at its deepest in the
summertime reaching 39 feet because it
feeds from snowmelt Gruner seen used to
be popular with divers and some even
installed a bridge and a bench for them
underwater
however in 2016 local authorities
prohibited any activity inside the lake
they fear that divers could stir up the
sediment from the lake bottom and it
would lose its unique clear greenness at
the moment the best you can do is hike
around the lake
peyto lake canada peyto lake is a
must-see for tourists hiking in Banff
National Park in the Rocky Mountains
when you look at it from above
it seems unnatural because of its bright
somewhat neon turquoise color it seems
especially reading in the summer when
melting glacial waters flow into it
bringing rock flower peyto lake doesn't
only look different from season to
season but also seemingly changes color
during the day depending on the sun's
activity the best view of the lake is
from bow summit which is the highest
point on the icefields pkway the Blue
River Greenland anyone has ever crossed
the Atlantic Ocean by plane has seen a
huge patch of snow-covered lands in
between Europe and America despite what
many people think Greenland actually has
its own population and attracts tourists
one of the reasons to go would be to see
the stunning Blue River
unlike most rivers you know this one
doesn't have a permanent stream bed it
looks different and new every year
understandably
it's feeding source is a glacier and in
spring as it starts to melt intensively
millions of puddles and pools unite and
turn into lakes and streams that form
the colorful ribbon of the Blue River
with global warming the melting has
become more active in the past years
Lake Baikal Russia Lake Baikal is the
deepest and oldest lake in the world
with 20% of all freshwater on the planet
and 25 million years of age the water
here is so clean and clear you can see
to a depth of 130 feet inside the lake a
lot of people come here in the summer
but winter is the time when things get
magical
don't forget Baikal is in Siberia which
means it freezes and the layer of ice is
so thick small vehicles are allowed to
drive on it and because the water is so
clear the ice is also see-through and
you can observe the underwater life with
no special equipment needed multiple
weird cracks appear on the ice to let
oxygen inside and help its inhabitants
survive the winter
Lake masu Japan it's basically
impossible to tell the sky from the
ground when you're looking at Lake ma
shoe on Japan's Hokkaido Island when its
transparency was measured in 1931 and
even beat Lake Baikal with a result of
136 feet
it's a crater lake that lies in the
caldera of a potentially active volcano
unlike most other lakes it doesn't have
regular Shores but is surrounded by
crater walls 660 feet high ma shoe was
formed as a result of volcanic activity
32,000 years ago even though tourists
aren't allowed down to the lake there
are some really good observation decks
around it lake mackenzie australia lake
mackenzie is situated on fraser island
in queensland the largest sand island in
the world Mackenzie is a perched lake
filled with fresh green water that's 320
feet above the ground the acid content
in the lake is so high no living
creatures inhabit it
it looks so bright it seems unnatural
the heart-shaped trees surrounding it
make the landscape look even more
surreal the local indigenous petula
people believe the lake is actually the
eyes of a transformed deity
Kagari and that's why it's so
unbelievably beautiful o rainforest USA
HOH rainforest is one of the seven
wonders of Washington State it's located
on the Olympic Peninsula and follows the
whole river the river flows out of a
glacier on Mount Olympus fine glacial
flour is what gives the river its
crystal-clear greenish shade this makes
the area a perfect place for hiking and
even outdoor clothing manufacturers
since you can walk through the river
like a real adventurer Lane sois Mun our
ancestral Park Brazil though Monterey Ho
State National Park might look like a
desert at first glance it's not since it
receives way more water than a desert us
by definition maha rancis means
bedsheets in Portuguese and the place
does look covered with smooth white beds
sheets of sand
during the rainy season mainly between
January and June the dunes get filled up
with clear water and turn into a
fantastic pattern of beautiful lagoons
that are perfect for swimming the Blue
Lake New Zealand New Zealand's nelson
lakes national park is home to the
clearest lake in the world the maori
believe this place to be sacred and no
one is allowed to swim in it or even
enter it the only exceptions are made
for scientific purposes for example to
measure its transparency the last time
they did it turned out to be a striking
260 feet and it's also basically as
clear as distilled water
it never gets warm staying between 41
and 46 degrees Fahrenheit
since it's located at an elevation of
3/4 of a mile hiking camping and fishing
as well as helicopter tours are all
allowed though so you still have a good
chance to see this natural wonder so
what about you
which of these places would you want to
visit most of all let me know down in
the comments if you learned something
new today then give this video a like
and share it with a friend but hey don't
go running off to see the clear water
just yet
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out all you have to do is pick
the left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life
[Music]